README.md, before:

Web application: Micro blog 
===========================
This application is a micro-blog with very basic features such as posting feed and follow a friend. My goal is to use it as an example project to test out various ideas and architectures in web backend development including
- Design abstraction layers and APIs
- Distributed cache
- NoSQL
- Database sharding
etc

The features of this simple microblog application includes
- Create a new user
- Follow/unfollow users
- Post a feed
- View friends' feeds ordered by timeline

API Spec
--------
This is the spec of end-user APIs for this microblog application. All endpoints would return JSON-formatted data. For POST requests, the parameter is passed as JSON in request body.

### User Object
A `User` object has the following attributes
- id
- username
- email
- password
- bio

### GET /users/<user-id>
Fetch a user by its id

### POST /users
Create a new user with the following args
- username
- email
- password
- bio (optional)

Both `username` and `email` needs be unique

### GET /users/<user-id>/followers
Get a list of users that follow specific user

### GET /users/<user-id>/followings
Get a list of users that specific user is following

### POST /users/<user-id>/follow/<other-id>
Follow another user with `other-id`

### POST /users/<user-id>/unfollow/<other-id>
Unfollow another user with `other-id`

### GET /users/<user-id>/feeds
Fetch feeds from specific user

### GET /users/<user-id>/friend-feeds
Fetch friend feeds for specific user

### GET /feeds/<feed-id>
Fetch a specific feed

### POST /feeds
Post a new feed
- user_id
- content

mbref:
-----
This is a naive implementation used as a baseline for other implementations.

Commit message:

More description for reference model

README.md, after:

Web application: Micro blog 
===========================
This application is a micro-blog with very basic features such as posting feed and follow a friend. My goal is to use it as an example project to test out various ideas and architectures in web backend development including
- Design abstraction layers and APIs
- Distributed cache
- NoSQL
- Database sharding
etc

The features of this simple microblog application includes
- Create a new user
- Follow/unfollow users
- Post a feed
- View friends' feeds ordered by timeline

API Spec
--------
This is the spec of end-user APIs for this microblog application. All endpoints would return JSON-formatted data. For POST requests, the parameter is passed as JSON in request body.

### User Object
A `User` object has the following attributes
- id
- username
- email
- password
- bio

### GET /users/<user-id>
Fetch a user by its id

### POST /users
Create a new user with the following args
- username
- email
- password
- bio (optional)

Both `username` and `email` needs be unique

### GET /users/<user-id>/followers
Get a list of users that follow specific user

### GET /users/<user-id>/followings
Get a list of users that specific user is following

### POST /users/<user-id>/follow/<other-id>
Follow another user with `other-id`

### POST /users/<user-id>/unfollow/<other-id>
Unfollow another user with `other-id`

### GET /users/<user-id>/feeds
Fetch feeds from specific user

### GET /users/<user-id>/friend-feeds
Fetch friend feeds for specific user

### GET /feeds/<feed-id>
Fetch a specific feed

### POST /feeds
Post a new feed
- user_id
- content

mbref:
-----
*mbref* is abbreviate for *micro-blog reference model*. This is a naive implementation used as a baseline for other implementations.

It has a very typical 3-layer architecture
- `mbref.models`, model layer implemented with SQLAlchemy
- `mbref.logic`, application logic layer
- `mbref.www.api`, restful API implementing [micro-blog API spec](#api-spec)

I also wrote a client `mbref.client` to make restful API calls. And all tests in `mbref.test` are testing against restful API by using this client. The client and its tests only cares about the API, but not implementation details. Thus, they could be reused by other implementations.
